Getting baptized
was the most important decision I ever made.
But it took some time to realize that
that was just the start of my Christian life.
Sometimes it was hard to show courage.
Why don’t you people get involved
and make a real difference for once?
And it was hard for my son too.
No thanks.
I’m a Jehovah’s Witness,
and I don’t celebrate birthdays.
What?
Hum?
That’s rude.
Come on, sign it!
I really liked Lucas,
and he was very sick.
I really wanted to sign his birthday card,
but Dad helped me to see
how Jehovah felt about it,
and that helped me be brave.
I still didn’t sign the card,
but I’m going to do something else for Lucas.
My parents had always set
a good example for me.
But after I moved
to serve where the need was greater,
it seemed like my parents were growing apart.
Are you both doing OK?
Because you don’t look OK.
Of course, we’re OK.
OK? We’re doing wonderful, right?
Yeah, we’re doing good.
Everything is good.
I was really worried.
Later, they told me that what helped them
was their love for Jehovah.
They meditated on the example
of Abraham and Sarah,
who showed honor to each other
by listening and by caring.
That example really helped my parents.
And since then,
I’ve seen how it can help
in any relationship.
I’m a long way from home,
but showing love to others
—it helps me to stay happy in my assignment.
When our doctor told us that our baby
would likely be born with severe problems
and could even die,
it was more than I could bear.
And because my husband
was not one of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
I needed God’s help more than ever
to calm my heart and help me explain
why I could never have an abortion.
And even though it took me years
before I would agree to a Bible study
and even more years before I made
enough changes to qualify for baptism,
the life we have now
—serving Jehovah together—
nothing could make me happier.
Nothing could make us happier.
Happiness really does come
from serving Jehovah,
but serving him faithfully
definitely takes courage.
It was so hard for me
to turn down that girl at school.
And I felt so guilty
for how involved I’d gotten with her.
My uncle used the Bible
to help me get back on track
and to remind me
of two other very important things:
that Jehovah was proud of me
and that I was not alone.
James 1:2, 3 says:
“Consider it all joy, my brothers,
“when you meet with various trials,
“knowing as you do
“that this tested quality of your faith
produces endurance.”
I think about that scripture a lot
because soon I’ll probably be sent
to prison for refusing military service.
Being courageous with that classmate
helped me build the faith
and courage that I need now.
I can give up anything for Jehovah.
I might live in a small cell for now,
but in Paradise,
I’m going to travel everywhere.
Sometimes I get lonely, but that’s OK.
It’s a choice that I’ve made
to stay in my assignment right now.
In the future, if I choose to get married,
I hope to have a marriage like my parents.
I really hope that Lucas is resurrected
so I can show him around Paradise
and teach him more about Jehovah.
I showed him pictures,
but the real thing will be so much better.
Then I can hold my baby girl again.